suggest broadcast address (#2293)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/sensor/pzemac.rst

    modbus_controller:
      - id: pzem

>         # the current device address. The special address 0xF8 is a broadcast address
>         # accepted by any pzem device, so make sure there is only one pzem device
>         # connected to the uart bus and set the desired addres above. 
>         address: 0xF8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # The current device address.
        address: 0x1
        # The special address 0xF8 is a broadcast address accepted by any pzem device,
        # so if you use this address, make sure there is only one pzem device connected
        # to the uart bus. 
        # address: 0xF8
```
